Below is the project feedmark and marking by the two exam board examiners

Please find examiner comments below.


1st EXAMINER COMMENTS


For this project, the student was asked to investigate numerical methods for solving the equations of stellar structure 
governing white dwarves or neutron stars. The student was not familiar with general relativity, so he opted for the former, 
namely the Lane-Emden equation. 

The literature is reviewed relatively well, and there is a good attempt at physical explanation of the principles underlying 
the equations of stellar structure (for a student with a background in mathematics and not physics).

The student made a very nice and clear presentation at the School.


The coding/numerical aspect is also covered relatively well. The student implemented his own Runge-Kutta solver in Python. 
There is a missed opportunity to discuss numerical errors, e.g. by comparing to exact solutions, or performing convergence testing. 
This would have been useful for understanding numerical accuracy and validating the code.

The text could benefit from more detail. It does flow relatively well, but at points it appears patchy, with information assembled 
from different sources. The bibliography is well written and formatted, but it could sample more of the vast literature on the 
subject.

On balance, however, the project deserves upper 60’s or low 70’s.
My recommendation is 71/100.

2ND EXAMINER COMMENTS

Overall this is a nice project, with a nice exposition on the underlying motivation, a good description of the mathematics, 
and an implementation. The text reads generally well although the organisation is somewhat lacking and the document lacks some polish.
Further the explanation of the code could be done in a more abstract way rather than recounting the different functions.  
Nonetheless the fact that a numerical solver was implemented rather than simply calling a function is an important aspect. 
This together with the good explanation of the differential equations (and their limitations) is why I think this project does 
deserve first degree honours. I agree with the first markers assessment of 71 points. 

